We didn't report that at this time, but it really is a nice conjunction, probably to the White Tara
Empowerment and Ceremony, and we're connected to this teaching. It's wonderful. Thank you. Thank
you everyone. Thank you.
And so now, let us say, I think, that we have now enjoyed. Oh, I think so. Okay, maybe you want to
do. Maybe indicate it. Okay, you all know. Whatever. Whatever you know, if you don't know, just
follow.
Let's go!
Maybe we just do the right in front of the temple, one more time.
We want to always see the Santa Claus come back, once in a year, every day. Thank you, thank you.
This is a very famous mantra also, it is the exploration of all those great dakas, dakine in the
teaching set. It says, when you say that and stay in the space of the dakshin, it brings the blend,
the splendor, call it the energies.
Energies. Energies in the teaching set. So it's very special. Thank you.